Adds the Bluespace Compression kit (#29)
Towelstation13/towelstation13: modular_towelstation/modules/compression_kit/readme.md

> <!-- This should be copy-pasted into the root of your module folder as readme.md -->
> 
> https://github.com/Skyrat-SS13/Skyrat-tg/pull/<!--PR Number-->
> 
> ## \<Compression kit> <!--Title of your addition.-->
> 
> Module ID: COMPRESSION_KIT <!-- Uppercase, UNDERSCORE_CONNECTED name of your module, that you use to mark files. This is so people can case-sensitive search for your edits, if any. -->
> 
> ### Description:
> Adds a bluespace compression kit, which makes any item it is used on smaller, unless it is already at minimum size.
> <!-- Here, try to describe what your PR does, what features it provides and any other directly useful information. -->
> 
> ### Credits:
> 
> <!-- Here go the credits to you, dear coder, and in case of collaborative work or ports, credits to the original source of the code. -->
> xPokee, whoever coded the original on FO13, Ivory (for helping me with issues)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

https://github.com/Towelstation13/towelstation13/29
## Bluespace Compression Kit

Module ID: COMPRESSION_KIT 

### Description:
Adds a bluespace compression kit, which makes any item it is used on smaller, unless it is already at minimum size.

### Credits:

xPokee, whoever coded the original on FO13, Ivory (for helping me with issues)
```
